you remember him don't you he's Clint
Eastwood and him John Wells the great
actor John Maria Volante they were the
men who excited you so in for a fistful
of dollars here they are United once
more Clint Eastwood and John Maria
Valente under the inspired direction of
Sergio Leone that are known as Bob
Robertson and for added good measure Lee
Van Cleef in a fast moving film crowded
with action for a few dollars more
it's the story of two bounty killers man
who inspired fear in the West criminals
what made these men tick well such a big
reward being offered on all you
gentlemen that I felt I might just tag
along when your next robbery might just
turn you into the law naturally I'll be
in the tavern the air around here stinks
anyway just like the food but the month
will go fast yes these men knew how to
wait because in a land where life had no
value death might have a price
I'm ready you live here oh that's so you
can tell everybody you see what takes
place here
didn't hear what the bet was your life
where is he
and all that what a few dollars more
you